first test of fraps then new lasers
we've got on to three turreted lasers
each worth about half a million I think
plenty of power left fourth laser just
standard gimballed later so I can target
myself the other three are on auto
turret and weight shift scanner frame
shift interdictor so if they'll run away
I'll go get them
right off we go okay we're in a fairly
safe region of space here under system
Federation
that is security but
supercruise around for a bit not too
fast see if anything pops up
okay got a couple of guys behind me now
this target looks like he's yelling here
we go see what he wants
actually let's submit any damage then
what is it what is he what is he thanks
for dropping by on the comms there yeah
he's not friendly is he neither are we
article those turrets oh my god
or power to weapons I think
and his shields down
probably do some kinetic weapons for
hull damage but honestly these look cool
and they can't get a decent kinetic
weapon on a turret and these are
incredible
Oh
he's probably gonna bug out at some
point
I expect
I've never actually successfully chased
somebody through a jump yet it could be
interesting
I think he's running
hey just commented screw this on the
comms
shields back is he gonna try a jump if I
wonder
he's got my shields down
gonna run for a sec
balance of systems and engines
get some shields back
he's no fucked out
we had a dodgy maneuver in
shields up just gonna get the fucker
loads more contacts just come into play
I hope that's the fades because if it's
his friends it's gonna get very
interesting
she was good
my stuff was hell
the other context in a hostile
not on this side
clients glad about he's on 11%
don't you dare jump oh she got shields
up honestly I expected this fight to be
a lot quicker with all this
money in hardware
but he's dead
there we go